Update library_injection_local.md (#26036)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/trace_collection/library_injection_local.md

- [JavaScript][17]
- [Python][18]
- [.NET][19]

>   - **Note**: For .NET library injection, if the application container uses a musl-based Linux distribution (such as Alpine), and you want to use version 2.55 and lower, you must specify a tag with the `-musl` suffix for the pod annotation. For example, to use library version `v2.29.0`, specify container tag `v2.29.0-musl`. For later versions in V2 and V3, no `-musl` suffix is required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **Note**: For .NET library injection on musl-based Linux distributions (such as Alpine), append `-musl` to the pod annotation tag for versions 2.55 and earlier. For example, use `v2.29.0-musl` instead of `v2.29.0`. The `-musl` suffix is not required for versions after 2.55, including v3.0+.
```
